Curity sgnl kong blog and integration (#18)
SGNL-ai/examples: curity-sgnl-kong/README.md

## Documentation
The overall solution approach is documented and described in the [SGNL Blog](https://sgnl.ai/2023/10/authorization-for-curity-protected-apis/) article on the SGNL website. To learn more about Curity.io  visit the [phantom token approach](https://curity.io/resources/learn/phantom-token-pattern/) post on the Curity.io website.

## Prerequisites
To begin, you need an SGNL client. If you do not have an SGNL client, please request one [here](https://sgnl.ai/demo/index.html).
 
2. You have configured SGNL data ingest adapters to ingest data and have defined the appropriate entity, attribute, and relationship mappings.
 
3. You have created policy snippets and access policy for evaluation. You can refer to the SGNL policy snippets under the **sgnl_policy** directory. Contact your SGNL representative for assistance with policy setup.
 

> 4. You have created an SGNL-protected system to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You have created a SGNL Protected System to test.
```

> 5. You will need to [install docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You have [installed docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) on your system.
```

To maintain consistency with your other bullets

 
See our [Help Guides](https://support.sgnl.ai) for steps on configuring data sources and policies.

## Quickstart

> 1. Pull down the git repo `git clone https://github.com/AldoSGNL/curity-sgnl-kong.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the git repo `git clone https://github.com/AldoSGNL/curity-sgnl-kong.git`
```
